Hey, good morning, family. Praise the
Lord. Thank you for joining me today.
Well, we see all this stuff in the news.
Yesterday was a wow, wasn't it? With
the earthquake in Alaska, the major
earthquake in Alaska, then we had
the attack on Damascus. And
there's just so many things that the
Lord has warned us about previously over
the last 6 months or so. We're seeing it
in the news now. This stuff seems to be
stuff we've been praying over just like
in June, and now we're seeing it. The
last time I told you all, we should watch
Syria.
We should watch Syria after Israel
attacked Iran. I had such a caution
about Syria. I said there are biological
weapons that will be coming out of Syria
in the days ahead to attack Israel.
And so we haven't seen that yet, but
Israel is already attacking Syria. What
will be the outcome concerning this?
I believe though there is a
potential to be an escalation of war
coming out of Syria. I even talked about
this on Kim Clement with
Don. I told you all to watch Syria. I
saw biological weapons, and I've told you
all that. So less than 48 hours later, we
see an attack from Israel
against Damascus. Now, the Syrian
president, the prime minister, the Syrian
prime minister came out and spoke out
against Israel for doing this. And I
told everybody, when you see Syria get
struck, the international
community will come to the aid of Syria
more than they will Iran. They will act
like it's their brother being wounded,
and they will actually... I saw Turkey
being furious
about this, and they started beating
their war drums, and there was
an actual ground invasion from
Turkey and Syria in the days ahead. Will
this be that time frame? I don't know. I
just know I saw it coming, and I saw
Damascus becoming what the Bible calls a
ruinous heap. So that was
part of what we saw yesterday. So I
know there'll be an outcry if this keeps
escalating from Hezbollah and all these
things. Folks, the fig tree is
ripe. Look at what's happening all
around us as we are praying on this
channel. God called us and He said,
'Brandon, I'm raising up a
generation of prayer warriors.
Everything in the spirit realm has to
happen in the spirit before it
happens in the natural. But it's prayed
out. The revival will be prayed out, the
end times—it all has to be
prayed out.'And that's why He said, 'I'm
raising up leaders of prayer warriors in
these
end times to go and pray on
YouTube. A million-person men and women prayer
army is what I'm called to
raise up right now.'We have 551,000
people that come on here and pray with
us, and every video is growing. So,
we're excited. Welcome to every single
one of you that are serious about
prayer. Welcome. Thank you for joining
us. We take prayer very seriously in our
household and we know that prayer
changes things. As we've seen the
major earthquake take place in Alaska
when I warned you—I keep hearing
the Ring of Fire, praying over the Ring
of Fire—we had a 7.2 earthquake
yesterday with Alaska and it was a major
thing. They called tsunami warnings, and
they told everybody a tsunami was coming and
all these things. Well, that didn't
happen. Why? Because I believe
prayer changes things. That's what I
believe we're called to do. I saw a
major tsunami. Was that the big one that
the Lord's warning about? I don't
believe so, because I saw British
Columbia. I saw the buildings
completely falling. But could our
prayers—this
is what I thought when I
was praying—could our prayers, these
tremors of 7.2, 7.0, 6.0,
whatever, and around that Ring of Fire,
is that relieving pressure on that
volcano that I saw right outside
Oregon's coastline? Is that relieving
pressure? I don't know. Is this one
of the ones before the big one? If
everyone remembers the vision that I had
when I was praying almost over a
year—it's
been over a year ago back in 2023,
whenever the Lord showed me Yellowstone
National Park and I saw the golden
tarp that was over it and it was sewed
to the ground. And I told everybody, the
Lord keeps bringing that up to me the
last couple of days, that that tarp is
being unstitched. There
have
been bad
decisions that have been made, and the
Lord warned me about all that stuff,
and
we're seeing the
escalation of all kinds of
activity around those volcanoes up
around Oregon,
around the Seattle area, all that area.
I don't remember those
mountains, forgive me, but there's
a group of volcanoes up in there and the
Lord is talking to me about that and the
one outside in the ocean. So, we're
praying for that, that that won't
escalate to where I saw it, where many
people will lose their lives. I'm
telling you all, this is a very serious
time for what I saw in that water
outside in the Pacific Ocean outside of
Oregon. I saw a mile-wide—if you go
back and watch the video, I said it was
a mile-wide volcano. And when this
volcano goes off, it causes a massive
tsunami wave and great devastation all
on the coastline. And people are
freaking out about that. But like I
said, I'm not here to call you to fear.
I'm called to call you to pray. And we
pray as the body of Christ, as this
great army of warriors. The Lord said,
'I've assembled together, Brandon, some
of the greatest prayer warriors of this
generation on this channel, from the elderly
to the young. I'm bringing you all
together to pray as an army. And as you
pray, prayer changes
things.'And
that's the whole thing about my
foundation. That's everything. We
believe prayer changes things. So,
people are sending—Diana, I can't tell
you how many people sent
these videos of the people filming
this van, this white van in New York
City being pulled over and the
officer smelled propane. So, they looked
in the back because this guy ran off on
foot, and it was a white van. It had
seven times the illegal amount of
propane and gas and diesel in the back
of this van. They broke into the van.
They unloaded the van, and it was
full—seven
times the legal limit to have in the back
of a van. So we got that video
and I just thought, you know what? This
is something because it's a white van.
Now, what did God show me? He showed me
fertilizer. He didn't show me propane.
He didn't show me gasoline, but he
showed me New York white vans
and fertilizer, big
50-gallon
drums of fertilizer. So, that's the part
of the vision that did not line up. But
I just thought it was interesting that
it's a white van with all this burning
combustible fuel in the back of it.
Is this something to be watchful over
right now? I believe it is. I really
truly believe it's something to pray
over right now. And because I told you,
as we see Israel and America striking,
there's a Red Dawn
experience. And I'm telling you
all, this is just the beginning of things
that I believe are going to escalate in
America in the days ahead. He circled
September. He circled these summer
months. I've warned you and warned you
to keep continual prayer going, praying
over our churches, praying over our
government, praying over our leaders. I
saw attacks still trying to come against
our president, interceding for this
nation like we've never interceded
before. This is a time like never before
that we need to pray. We need to pray
again, continual prayer. So if this was
nothing and it was just a
delivery guy delivering seven times
the legal limit of propane and all the
gasoline to hot dog vendors, then
whatever. But either way, my eyes
are still alert. I'm still watching, and
we're watching with all we have right
now because we're on high alert. This is
a time like never before.
This is like he said, a 9/11 event,
something like 9/11 that the
enemy would try to come and try to stir
up something again against the American
people. So, are we seeing that? I pray
we're not, but it's not something to be
ignorant over. And all the people say,
"Well, Brandon, you got that right.
I want you."And then people say,
"Well, Brandon, boy, you got another
one right. You need to stay
humble."Folks,
me coming on here and telling you
that something is about to happen is not
me trying to brag about it. I know that
Jesus is the only way that I see stuff.
Trust me, I can't make it happen on
my own. It's only when he wills. When
the spirit of the Lord wants me to see
something, he shows me something.
Because I try all the time to sit and
pray and just, 'Lord, show me
something.'But
it's only when the anointing comes
on. It is only whenever he wants it.
That's why I say if he wants to show
something, that's why I always take
communion. I say if he wants to show
something, fine. If he don't, fine. But
I'm a willing vessel to be here. And
that's why I always stay in the constant
attitude of I know that I have this
treasure in an earthen vessel that the
excellency of power will be known to him
and not in me. I realize there's a
lot of people that always are,
especially a lot of
friends, so-called friends, they go,
"Brandon, don't get
a big head. Remember to stay
humble."And
I'm like, "All I'm looking for right
now."The
world tries to keep you humble
as they can. They try to beat you down.
I'm just looking for sometimes some
friends to love on you. Most people
think it's their job to try to keep you
humble. But I realize it's
a lot of insecurity on a lot of people's
part because they don't feel like
they're doing anything. And I
understand that. I've been there. I
understand it, folks. But I want to tell
you, don't worry about Brandon. I
have a lot around me that keeps me
humble all the time. You just don't know
about it. And God is faithful to us.
He's faithful to us. But I want you to
understand it. I always know it
is not me. It's never me. I am just
a vessel just like you're a vessel that
he chose to use today. He can use any
one of us, and he does every day, using
a lot of people. But I just want
to always keep my heart right and tell
you when I'm seeing all the earthquakes
and all this stuff, people try to tell
you, "Brandon, you need to stay
humble."I'm
like, folks, I know it is not me.
And I tell Brandon all the time, "This is
not Brandon Biggs."It's the furthest
thing from being Brandon Biggs. It's all
about Jesus trying to warn his
people. And he said, "I've called you to
be a general in these last days to
raise up a prayer army."And I'm doing
the best I can. So, I appreciate you
being patient with me, even if it
comes across as if you think I'm being
arrogant. So, thank you for your love
and support, and you pray for me as I
pray for you. So, let's pray right now
and let's seek the Lord because I'm
telling you all, there's much to pray
about. And so we're going to just seek
him and we're going to find him. And he
said, "If you knock, the door will be
opened unto us."And as we seek him on a
day-to-day basis, we will find him. And
I'm so thankful for every single one of
you that show up on a day-to-day basis
and be a part of this channel. It's such
a blessing. And thank you for all your
likes, your support, your kind
words, your birthday cards, all the
birthday cards, the people sending me
stuff. And then they sent
this really cool book,
this old hymnal to Diana. It's
probably an antique, but there's pages
of it torn. And I just think that stuff
like that's kind. You know, there's so
many of you all that you say we've
touched your life. I can tell y'all it's
just Jesus. We're so thankful that you'd
want to come and listen to our videos.
It's such a blessing that you show up
every time and say, "Brandon, let's
pray. Take as long as you want,
Brandon."Most
of you say here on this
last one, "Don't listen to the naysayers.
Just keep praying, boy."And I'm like,
okay, let's do it. Let's pray. We want
to pray for five hours. And I'm like,
"Wow, okay, that's a long time. Five
hours praying on a camera like
this."These
lights are hot and I sweat a lot.
And after I'm done, I feel
like I've been underneath a hot
light, you know? It's like, "Where were
you on the night of the
18th?"It's
like, do you all remember Dick
Tracy whenever that guy...
He was a detective and he was
underneath the hot light and whatever.
I don't know, I
just remember that in the '80s, '90s maybe
when I was a kid, something about Dick
Tracy, but he was like talking to his
watch like we have now, it's like
Siri
on his watch. He had that old watch.
Ain't that neat? I don't know. All
right. Well, let's pray. You want to go
tubing? That's what I say. You want to
go tubing? The Lord said, "Pray, pray,
pray, pray."Time
to
pray. Let's pray about these things and
see what the Lord shows us. So, I took
communion a little bit ago. We've made
two videos tonight. And the Lord said,
"Braden,
you're not done. You need to
go make another video. You have to pray
more."And
I've already done a
two-hour
video.
And he wanted me to do another one.
Lord, I just praise you and I worship
you and I thank you. Whatever you're
wanting to show us,
you lead, we follow. Father,
whatever is on your heart, Father, I'll
pray it through. I know you said I
needed to pray more. There is more
here. And there's urgency in
the spirit realm. What is the urgency,
oh Father?
I thank you, Father, that you show us as
we pray these things out in the spirit,
praying in the spirit with a brand new
tongue. I love that song.
Father, I thank you. I worship you.
Father, we plead the blood around this
house. We plead the blood, Father, that
I hear your voice only and a stranger's
voice I'll not follow. We worship you.
We thank you, for you are good and your
mercy endures forever. And we praise you
through the storms of life. We praise
you, Father. And we thank you, Lord,
that we're always in the right place at
the right time.
Oh Lord, we praise you. We worship you,
Father. Thank you, Lord. Okay. He said,
"Pray."I
heard what he just said right
then. Okay. Father, we pray over the
releasing of the crypto and
Judge Torres and over the hindrances
of the blocking of the hose. And
Father, tomorrow is Thursday. And we
pray over our Thursday right now. Right
now in the name of Jesus. And we say,
"Release the hose and let it
go."Satan,
release the hose right now and let it
go. We call it done. We call the
waterfall to flow. We call the flow of
the Holy Spirit to flow over the
finances right now in the name of Jesus,
uninterrupted and unhindered by any
satanic or demonic force. We call it
done. We call it done over our Thursday,
over our time that we say in the name of
Jesus, the judge will rule
on
our behalf, in our favor concerning this.
And we say in the name of Jesus, thus
far and no further concerning this
anymore in
Jesus'name,
as we enter into Thursday,
and we call it done, we call it in over
Congress, over our house, over
all
that it comes in for the spiritual
wealth transfer, for this great wealth
transfer of the wealth of the wicked is
laid up for the righteous. And we call
it in right now in the name of Jesus.
Let it go.
We call it in right now. We call
in abundance. We call in the rivers. We
call in the overflow. Oh, I did.
I just went to the fall again.
I'm looking at the fall again. I'm
looking at football again. And it's
interesting, he talks to me about
sports.
But I know the time frame because
of what sports are going on.
This is early, early fall. Early, early,
early fall.
We thank you, Lord. We thank you, Lord for
the abundance. We thank you, Lord for the
overflow.
Whoa.
I see events.
I see smoke. I see fire. I see fire. I
see fire.
Every
city
mission foreign.
We're in Israel right now.
I see people making big decisions in
the
relocation.
This is a lot of people moving from the
East Coast coming through the central
again. I see people moving. It's like
the
Chicago area, all up here, all around.
I see them moving. I
see people
relocating.
They're being
stirred on the
East Coast coming down. Big decisions
will be made around New York,
around these areas.
Darkness is trying to set in.
Mystery Babylon, I'm telling you, great
Mystery Babylon.
I see great darkness over New York.
Don't make that—it's about
repicking that mayor. It's about picking
the wrong mayor. This man, we
must pray
this way.
It will be like a dark blanket will
blanket
thee.
If they choose this man, I see a dark
blanket blanketing and people will
flee. They will
leave by the tens of thousands, if not
hundreds of thousands.
They will leave.
I see them
fleeing as if he's voted in.
People will know that this is the end.
Father, you know if he'll be voted in or
not.
What I'm hearing you say is what
I'm seeing is going to happen.
He said, 'No, they still have a choice.
They have a choice
to
vote,
but he's held a veil. I don't see the
outcome, but I see the outcome if they
vote this way
concerning this man. I see a dark
cloud. It's a dark blanket over them.
And I see financial structures
falling. I see the financial
institution, like all the
money falling. I
see Trump.
I see a fleeing of the city,
like people saying, "We're
out of
here!"'I
see
a migration.
It's like a mass migration is
coming of people.
People fleeing certain areas.
People
are going to start stepping into their
callings.
People are going to start
moving into where God has called them to
be. Finances are going to be there for
them.
And there's a great acceleration of
people stepping over into what God's
called them to do.
You've been in that
holding place.
And the Lord says to me, 'Brandon, I'm
about to place them in position
overnight.
They're going to be placed in the
position of where I've called them and
full manifestation of what I've told
them to do overnight.'It'll be that
quickly. You'll see
a transition in your life that quickly.
He'll move you from one place and put
you in another place, and you'll be in a
new transition and a new season in your
life overnight. It'll be like that,
and it'll be a
paradigm shift in your life. Everything
is going to change in your life.
Great changes are coming in a 24-hour
period.
A shifting in the world's economy, a
shifting in the world's structure.
Everything that you see
right now will cease to be, and
everything will change
just like that. You'll wake up one
morning and start to
hear it on the
news. Everything will change. I'm
talking a change in the weather. I see
jet streams changing. I see jet streams. I
see the sun changing.
Animals, I've warned you about this
before, a migration of animals will come
too soon.
A
pattern of weather changes will come.
This is what I've told you. A
manipulation of the weather.
Changes are coming.
I don't know why I keep looking into
the fall. I'm looking into the fall.
And now I'm seeing Gavin Newsom's face
before me.
A change is coming
concerning Gavin.
I'm looking into it. I see November.
I'm looking into the month of November.
Now I'm going to describe
what I see about the month of November.
This
may not make a lot of
sense, but I'm going to do it
the best I can. I see a ground that
looks like
corn kernels on a corn cob. And all of
the ground is like those corn kernels on
a corn cob. The ground is
like
'follow the yellow
road.'But
these corn
kernels
are all on the top
of the surface, and people are
standing on this gold
that looks like pieces of gold.
Every single one of them
is
lined up perfectly like an individual
brick that looks like a kernel of corn,
but it's gold.
And I see a scarecrow on these gold
bricks.
It looks like the Wizard of Oz
scarecrow,
and he's taking his legs and
clicking his heels in the air.
He's jumping, and they're over to the
side. I see his legs
with straw, jumping like the scarecrow
on the Wizard of Oz, clicking his feet
in the air above this golden
street. But he's standing there alone,
and I see his face and he's smiling.
It's a scarecrow,
and it's over the month of November.
I know where it's at in the calendar.
I
see
the straw in his arms,
and
I see the straw in his
head. I see he doesn't have a brain.
There's a black
hat on him.
And these are like
rolling hills. I see where he's
standing. This
golden-looking
corn is on rolling hills. What
you
see
is
fake.
I
see Black Friday,
and
it's around November.
It's fake.
I keep hearing, 'It's
fake.'Inflation,
I hear inflation.
This is artificial.
It's inflated. The
numbers are inflated.
Okay,
now this is very interesting. I see
Trump with a very orange face with a
black sign
that
says 'interest
rates.'I
see Trump with a white sign
that
says 'interest rates.'And
I see
a percentage.
I see Trump with the orange
face, yellow around his lips
and
yellow on his eyes.
His hair is very yellow, and
his face is orange. It looks like he has
makeup on, almost like a burnt
orange.
He has a blue suit on with a white shirt
and a red tie, with a sign that has
'interest rates'on it, and he's
talking about this sign.
He looks like a cartoon.
Now I see a pig with lipstick on.
And the pig is
being presented to the people.
He has a pig on a
leash,
paraded around. I see a
farm with a white picket fence,
and this orange-faced
Donald Trump is parading a pig around.
Now we're in the month of
January, and he's parading a pig. Glory
be! The pig has pinkish-red lips
with blue blush on
its
cheeks.
The pig is pink with blue blush on
its
face, its eyes have makeup painted
on, and the pig has a mask
of makeup on. It has a brown leash on,
and Trump is holding the pig.
And now I see houses.
I see houses all lined up like
Monopoly.
Houses are good. You
see,
they try to—I
see like
a green arrow on these houses.
Like an arrow going
up on a chart on houses,
they're all one-story homes. They're all
like middle-class homes.
These are not big.
now, I see big John Deere tractors
and their fields. I see fields that
the plows
are plowing, but
they're just dirt fields.
These are huge tractors tilling up the
fields, and there are dirt fields.
Now, this is very interesting. Now,
I see wheat bending over, and I see China
on the land. I see China written across
the land, up towards
Kansas, up by Nebraska. I see China
written across the farmland,
and I see wheat bending over. The
stalks
of the wheat are bending over to
the ground like they're trying to touch
the ground.
And there's writing on this that says
China. It's black and there's white, and
there's a black star for
capitals, like where you would see a
capital on a map, like Topeka,
Kansas or wherever. I see
little stars on the
map of where it says China
on our land.
The Lord said, 'Shut your eyes. I have
more to show you.'That's what He just
said.
Missouri is highlighted to me. The
state of Missouri is highlighted.
And I see the storm again.
I'm down at this level again, and I see
towards the east, and I see the storm
again.
Lord,
a storm is coming.
They open the
door. Oh,
I see Jeffrey Epstein's face.
I see that man's face.
I'm very hesitant to say,
but
I'll say it, Lord. If you want me to say it, Lord, I'll say
it.
Oh, the very thing
they've refused to correct
out of trying to protect,
because of what's there.
Embarrassing things you will see.
For the very things you try to protect,
the very things you try to hide will
come back.
Very,
very,
very.
Hide, hide, hide.
This is deeper than what you realize. He
says
blackmail.
I see certain governments. I see
'How to stay...
You can't lose your
leverage.'You
hear me? 'We can't
lose this leverage.
It's what makes people do what we
want them to do. It's
blackmail.'I
see a group of men.
I cannot tell you their names. The
Lord said, 'Do not say that.'There's a
group of men, and
they're up there in the East,
in
Washington,
and
it
goes clear into Europe,
Asia.
They're like rats on a ship scurrying
around right now. I see rats
and
roaches scurrying around.
I see fire. The thing
is on fire
because of the ignorance of what they
had before they came
into it, and they got in and
started looking at it, and they said, 'Oh
no,
dead men tell no tales.
Dead men tell no
tales.'These
people are so
corrupt,
these
governments.
The
Lord said, 'Don't concern yourself
with it.
He knows it all, and
He's going to deal with it
all.'Pray
for your president.
It's making a front
about the economy, about all these
things,
painting
a pig with lipstick
on—it's
still a pig.
There's so much here the Lord is showing
me tonight.
'It's a beautiful
pig,'is
what most people say, but it's an
ugly pig.
The pig is a pig.
And you'll perceive it,
and people will receive it as,
'Oh yeah, it's a pretty
pig.'But
the pig is a pig, and
it's a stinky pig. And the pig is not
what you think it is. And this
concerns
interest rates, the economy,
housing. Watch.
I see the housing, the pig,
the interest rate on this
thing, and I see interest
rates still on this
sign. And now
on the sign it says taxes.
And I see a lowering of—and it has
a black arrow on this
thing—and
it says taxes.
I hear, 'Ride the wave.
Ride the wave.
A wave doesn't last forever.
A wave is for a moment and, in some
cases, a season.
Ride the wave,
for the wave will crash soon. The wave
will crash
soon.'And
I see the wave, and it has
dollar bills in it. It has gold coins in
it. The wave is a wave of
money, or the wave is water, but inside
of the wave is money and gold coins. And
I see dollar signs, buildings,
cars, riches.
It's a wave that is
not that big. The Lord said the wave looks
like it's
massive,
but the wave is not massive.
The wave is actually
small.
I'm looking at this wave, and the wave is
made to be painted out to be a major
wave,
but yet it's not a very big wave.
And I hear, 'Ride the wave,'because it's
made to look inflated.
The wave looks inflated.
It's made to look big,
but it's actually
transparent,
like you can see through it.
The water is
see-through.
It's very
shallow water. It's not
a lot of thickness to this water.
It looks very transparent. You can
see through it.
But I'm saying it's shallow.
The deeper water is hard to see through.
Shallow water. When you're looking at a
glass of water,
it's see-through. It's transparent.
But the money is in there, and there
are
little dollar signs, and there
coins, and there's stuff on it.
So,
it's not blue. It looks like this glass
of water. It's water,
not like beautiful blue. It's like
water.
Okay. Now, I see oil
derricks
on top of it. I see oil derricks on top of
it. There
are
two oil
derricks.
'Ride the wave. Ride the wave.
A wave does not
last
forever.'The
Lord says, 'A
wave,'and
it's already starting to
be at its breaking point. And I see it,
and it's in the winter months. I'm in
January. I'm in December. And I see the
wave already turning like
this, and it's going in like
you see a tsunami. But the money is all
in it, and it's turning, and
the money... And I see oil derricks. I see
these things. And this pig is being
paraded around.
Now, this is going to sound really
interesting.
Now,
Lord,
I see Elon Musk,
and he's a cartoon,
and he's riding on a Tesla.
And his face is sweating,
and his mouth is open, and he has a
new-looking
hat on,
and it has writing on it that says what
he is trying to be, a political party.
You will see. And he has this, and he's
riding a Tesla,
and he looks like a cartoon, and he has a
black hat on with a black shirt, and he's
dressed
like he always is. And he's riding a
Tesla
that is cut off, and
he's on the outside of the
Tesla,
like you're in a parade. He's very
concerned on his face.
Short-lived—not
him, but the decision of what he's
doing.
Loses steam.
I'm looking into it, and
it's like it's paused.
And so it's about challenging
the land grab from China.
I see Trump coming against all
the land that China has in America,
like trying to devise a plan through the
Senate and the House
to come against foreign adversaries
buying land in America.
That's what China...
how He says China. I'm
telling you, I hear it. Trying to
stop them from having land in our
farmland and everything. Trying to
make America great again. But painting a
pig, the
boat's
sinking, folks. I'm telling you, I see
the boat. The pig looks good. I'm
seeing the pig, and I'm seeing trying to
appease the people,
trying to do things that he said
he would do. I've seen the Epstein thing,
and they try to bury
it. They don't want what's all on that list—the
blackmail—and
I see
this stuff. They might give you
a little bit, but they're never going to
expose the whole thing because there
are
politicians on
this thing that they cannot expose.
There are
dark things on this list.
But
distraction, sleight of hand. I see the
distraction and the sleight of
hand.
'Look over here, look over
here, look over here, pretty
girl.'You
know, like they're doing over here. I
keep seeing that: 'Look over
here'as
we're doing over here.
Ride the wave.
Glory to God.
I see a setting up in each state, for the
beginning of the tribulation is at hand.
I'm telling you all, I see a setting up
of each state,
getting them ready,
getting people in position,
getting things ready.
Oh my gosh.
When I'm looking into something, I wish
there was so much of me so I want to be able to tell you the colors, the walls, and the things that I'm seeing and the storms. There's so much
to each individual vision, each
glimpse of colors, and the things that
the Lord's showing me. It is not
just by my words of what I relay to you;
there's so much more to it.
Like this, I can't describe to you
what I'm seeing about
these thick concrete walls that are
being set up around Texas.
They're like thick concrete walls,
and they look almost like granite,
like you would
see in those old Greek buildings,
the Greek coliseums. And
it's
by the border by Mexico,
down by that area, and it's coming up by
all that. I see this thick wall
like Texas. There's something about
Texas, and I keep seeing it on
the side, on the walls,
on this side and on the Louisiana side,
but not up here towards
Oklahoma.
Father, I thank You.
I thank You, Father,
for all that You show me.
And I plead the blood over my eyes,
Father.
I plead the blood over my eyes. I
thank You.
I give You all the glory, honor, and
praise for it. I thank You, Father.
We praise You, Father.
Thank You, Father.
Thank You, Lord.
Now, out of the state of Missouri,
I see golden chains
that are being extended straight up into
the heavens. They look like
massive golden ship chains that would be
on an anchor. You know, like when you
see those huge ship chains on massive
boats that they drop down for the
anchor, they're gold. They're
pure gold. And they're being extended
from Missouri
in America all the way up, but they're
pulled tight;
there's no slack in them.
I see them, and there
are
three, maybe
a
fourth
one, but they're all
extended into the ground,
anchored, and going straight up,
being pulled tight, and they go clear up
into the skies. I see a beautiful blue
sky with clouds that look like
marshmallow clouds all around them, and
they disappear in the sky. The
chains are glowing,
transparent-looking
gold with sparkles.
They're sparkling all over these chains,
and it's almost like the chains are
electrified,
but they're gold,
and they go straight
into
the ground. I can't see
where they go, but I see them, and
they're all pulled tight. That's what I
saw. Now, I don't know what that is, but
I'm just telling you what I
see.
And it's coming out of Missouri and
parts of Oklahoma
where we're at in Tulsa.
That's right here in the Tulsa
area, and it goes over to the Branson
area, and it goes up here by
the
Kansas City area,
and they're pulled tight.
Father, I just worship You.
I worship You, Father.
I praise You, Father.
I thank You, Lord.
I praise You, Father, for the last
outpouring of the Spirit. I thank You,
Father, that we're
anchored. We're anchored in You.
This is an area that's
anchored in You. We're expecting the
glory, like a Jacob's ladder, like a
beautiful outpouring of the Spirit like
we've never seen before. This area
is anchored in You.
It's anchored in the Word.
Father, we pray over these
chains and these anchors. We pray
that we're anchored in You. We've
got this chain; we're anchored
in You.
It's a foundation.
Oh, Father, we thank You, Lord. Oh, God,
we praise You.
Hallelujah.
Hallelujah. Lord,
we thank You. Lord, is there
anything else You want to show me
between this one and the last one? Lord,
Glory to God. And that's
just the beginning. A great outpouring
of My Spirit is on
the schools.
I see it on the high schools. I see it
on the public school system.
A great outpouring
on your college campuses, even a greater
outpouring
in
old country churches. I see old
country churches with white
buildings with little steeples, Mom and
Pop in
little towns. It's not the great big mega-churches; it's just little
towns.
There's
fire in the pews.
I'm looking through
the window of this little church, and I
see fire in the pews.
There's much in store, much
in store of the glorious church, the
glorious outpouring. I see it. I see
that plague again, and I see the glorious
church.
I see the churches,
and they're wooden pews, and inside there,
there's fire. Each one has individual
fire sitting on there, many
flames of fire in the pews.
Some of the fires are
bigger, and some of the fires are
smaller, but each one of the flames is
on these pews, sitting in the pews,
looking
like it's just sitting there on
each pew. Big fire, smaller
fire, big fire, smaller fire.
And it keeps going down. They're all
over in these pews in
this
beautiful white little church. It's
white boards, and
it
has windows all
on the side.
I see the sun setting down on
one side of that church. I'm looking
through the church, and there's
fire all in these wooden pews.
It
looks like it's all out in the country.
Glory to God.
Oh, the glorious church.
Arise, oh church. Oh,
Thank You, Lord. The fire on
these
churches.
Glory to God.
Hallelujah.
Thank You, Lord.
Glory to Your name.
I see the babies again,
and the babies are
getting fed.
They're all around that
little white building church.
The babies are
coming. They're all outside of the
church. In the church, there's fire on the pews,
but there are babies outside
the church at the doors,
sitting outside, waiting on the people to
come pick them up. They're waiting
outside there, all
kinds of little babies outside of the
church, sitting on the outside.
There
are
babies
crying; they need help
out there. They're sitting in the green
grass. They're sitting out there in the
grass outside that church. And it's
outside there.
Amen. The Lord said, "Be patient. Be
patient with all these babies, for you
were once a
baby."Because
you're in that church and the
flames of fire will come. They're
attracted to the fire. They're sitting
outside, but it's time for them to come
up higher, too. But be patient with my
babies.
Remember I was patient with you,
for the babies are coming.
These are my babies.
Open the door and let them in. Teach
them.
Raise them up, for many
babies are coming. Many babies,
spiritual babies are coming.
Open the door and let them in. They're
outside. There's a lot of them outside,
and he said, "Be patient with them.
Be patient with those
babies."When
they
dirty themselves, and when they're crying,
and when they have dirty
diapers,
you don't throw them out.
They have to be taught. He said you have
to teach them.
He said you got to teach
the babies,
and I see a Bible open up and I see
them being taught. I see them being
taught right, and they're listening.
They're babies and they're
crying. I'm talking about little bonnets
on. I'm talking about little cloth
diapers on, and I see little
sailor outfits on some of them. They
have ruffle diapers on. They're
ruffled-looking
bloomers and they're
sitting out on the ground, and
there's an
elderly-looking
woman, and it looks like she has
curly hair, and I see
her and she's reading the Word to
these babies.
No,
there's a lot of them coming. He says,
"There's a lot of new babies coming,
spiritual babies,
infants just got born
again."He
said, "Be patient with them. Don't be
harsh.
Walk in love towards them.
There's a lot of babies coming. Walk in
love toward them
and know that they're just
babies.
They're not going to have everything
down quick. They're not going to know
anything. A baby doesn't. A baby has to
be trained,
but you didn't know it either when you
first started.
So don't expect them to grab ahold
of it.
You teach
them."He
said,
"This will be a time of fun, for it's
just begun.
Times of great fun have just begun.
The harvest is plentiful and the
laborers
are
few."Glory
to God. Hallelujah.
Hallelujah.
That's all he said today.
That's all I have today.
I got to take a break.
I have to take a break now.
It pulls on my flesh
and I've done two videos back to back
and I'm tired now.
Thank you, Lord, for what you show us.
Thank you, Lord, for all that you show
us.
Thank you, Lord.
I give you praise and glory for all of
it, Lord. And I praise you, Father, for
many, many things, many more
things we need to do for you. And we
give you all the glory, honor, and
praise for it in
Jesus'name.
Well, hallelujah.
I'm so thankful that you showed up
today. I pray this video blessed you.
I do. I pray it blessed you. If you
could like, subscribe, click the
notification bell, and we have lots
more to pray about. But that was a really
interesting prayer time tonight
of things the Lord's showing us that's
coming.
Ride the wave,
scarecrows.
So I appreciate y'all being here with
me today. I know there was a lot there,
but he said, "I have a lot to show
you."So
I pray it blesses you. I want to close
the video by saying this. We love you.
We appreciate every single one of you.
Thank you for joining us every single
day. It means a lot to me. Thank you for
praying with me. There's a lot there the
Lord wants to show us and prepare us for
what's coming. Don't be deceived by
things. Remember, put a smile on your
face and a song in your heart. Jesus
loves you so much and we love you. God
bless you all and we'll see you again
soon. Bye-bye.